## Step1: Code transformation
Environment: 
python 3.6,tigress 2.1
1. labeltest.py: This file is used to add 'test_insert();' in the source code to mark the vulnerable lines.

2. confusion.py: This file is uesd to do code transformation.

3. new_label_con.py : This file is used to get the vulnerable lines in transformed code.

## Step 2: Generating codegadget
i.e. code slices(SySeVR:https://github.com/SySeVR/SySeVR)

## Step 3: Data preprocess
Environment: 
python 3.6, gensim 3.4

1. create_hash.py: This file is used to get the hash value of slices. The input is slice file generated by extract_df.py,and the output is hashlist of slices.

2. delete_list.py: This file is used to get index of slices that needed to be delete. The input is hashlist generated by create_hash.py,and the output is list_delete.

3. process_dataflow_func.py: This file is used to process the slices, including read the pkl file and split codes into corpus. The inputs are the slice file and the label file generated by extract_df.py and make_label_sard.py(make_label_nvd.py), and the output is the corpus file named with testcase id.

4. create_w2vmodel.py: This file is used to train word2vec model. The inputs are corpus files, and the output is the word2vec model.

5. get_dl_input.py: This file is used to convert tokens of slices in corpus files into vectors by trained word2vec model. The input is the trained word2vec model and corpus files, and the outputs are vector files.

6. dealrawdata.py: This file is used to make vectors generated by get_dl_input.py into fixed length.

## Step 4: Deep learning model
Environment: 
python 3.6, tensorflow 1.6

1. bgru_zigzag.py: This file is used to train BGRU model and get test results. The inputs are vector files generated by dealrawdata.py, and the output is trained model and test results. BGRU can be replaced by CNN or BLSTM and other neural network model.

2. preprocess_dl_Input_version.py: This file is used to preprocess data imported into model. It is imported by bgru_zigzag.py.
